Closes #160 CI/CD checks failing: Links/Validate Links and Roxygen check (#161)
pharmaverse/pharmaverseadam: NEWS.md

# pharmaverseadam (development version)

<details>
<summary>Developer Notes</summary>

> - Updated the links in the PR template, and updated the `RoxygenNote` field of the DESCRIPTION file. (#160)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the links in the PR template, and upversioned to {roxygen} 8.0.0. (#160)  
```
